You know, it's kind of interesting. I've learned
probably a little bit more about that since he just
recently died. But like everybody else, I mean,
you know, what could you say? They got a name that's
called Tricky Dick. And, you know,
his calling card was I am not a crook. I mean, that
basically sums up my opinion of him. You know, not
to say he's not a crook,
I would say not, only because my impression of A&M
is that, you know, it's one thing to have
traditions, and it's one thing to honor
those traditions, but it's another thing to
that we really, you know, we don't. To me, it's
overshadowed. That's the superficial end of it. I
think some people really do help you because
you're Aggies. But I still think that there is no
fundamental change underneath that. I still
think that there's even in A&M, there's racism.
And I would still say racism is pretty strong. You
know, when I came here, I didn't do myself.
You know, I don't even know what that means. But I
guess what it really means, and I felt like I was
black first, you know, and Aggie second. But
primarily because the white power structure is
not going to let you forget that you're black
first. You know, you can be Aggie all you want to,
but you do
I spent about 12 months going to graduate school
here. I picked up a master's in architecture and
graduated in August of 74. I went to work for an
architecture firm briefly in Houston and then I
went to work for a telephone company as a project
architect for 10. I basically did that. For about
19 years, one of these fortunate people stayed
with the same company for a long period of time. And
during that time, first job was in St. Louis, then
moved on to San Antonio, Dallas, and then Houston.
I was in Houston about eight years before. Small
company now, parted ways. So that sort of softened
up real quick, but that's kind of what
Basically, looking for a job. Basically, you
know, through some of the, I think, people around
here that are trying to be visionary about some
things in terms of increasing diversity. I mean,
you know, let's be honest with you. Right now, for
the past three years, I've been a member of the
president's advisory. I should say the
president's former student. had gotten to know a
lot of the university people. And so when I had to
leave the phone company, I basically called the
chancellor, who used to be the president. And
because of the work I'd done for the university,
not doubt about it, get on one position and wind up
taking it. So on that Sunday, it actually does
work. But unfortunately, the fact that it does
work in that situation, he's doing something
really different from what other people
A lot of people, they sort of talk the talk, but you
don't see it over by themselves.
black people here. But a lot of it is now in
preconceived notions, preconceived ideas. A lot
of it is in the networking.
don't feel comfortable with. And if these people
are Aggies or what have you, and you still don't
feel comfortable with them because of color or
what have you,
way to go because it has not included enough people
at the table to get the proper type of view. It's
doing a lot of things, but unfortunately, there's
some things, fundamental things that have to
change at the top before the student side changes.
It's a move nowadays to go to historically black
universities and a lot of students because they
are dealing with white teachers and they're in
mixed settings and having to deal with all these
racial type things even now in the 90s. A lot of more
black students are saying, hey, I don't even want
to deal with that. I want to go somewhere where
that's not an issue. And so that's why...
I'm sick of it. You know, I don't want to deal with
it. And so they go somewhere else and they figure
what when they get out and get a job they'll be
sending out. It's a little different for me, you
see. I may have felt the same way if I had been in a
great situation to start with. You know, the
future for Black Power. Well, you know, getting
back to Black Power, you know, Black Power is a
certain amount of... solidarity. Black Power is
spending a lot of your own money back in the black
community. I'm somewhat pessimistic about that
because I think people still, unfortunately,
have to have their conscience raised.
Unfortunately, we're still in a situation where
materialism, in a certain way, you know, we want to
look good, smell good, and all these other kind of
things, you know.
I'm optimistic in the sense that more and more
people are doing more and more things and sort of
getting it together. But until in this particular
country, Whites realize that by leaving black
people on the bottom is actually endangering
their position in society. They're not going to
want to change it until they realize by not
sharing, you know, by not sharing what's theirs.
Exactly.
I'd like not to have to deal with it going into the
year 2000, but I'm afraid we are.
And basically,
we have a lot of projects for the various campuses,
construction, construction projects for the
various campuses and entities. And I'm in what's
called the planning aspect of it.
tankers for the equine reproduction center,
trying to wait until we get some things worked out
on a project called the Coastal Oil Spill
Simulation System, in which we're in conjunction
with Anacorpis Christi, putting
No, just that, you know, it really needs to wake up
and broaden its perspective. It needs to do some
outside-the-box thinking, so to speak.
traditions of helping people, of being together,
and all those kind of things are good. But
traditions where it's business as usual and all
that is really not helping. And I don't think it's
helping situations where universities just do
business as usual. I think that I'm looking
forward to Bowen coming in. I think Dr. Bowen will
be
I think we have people in the personification of
Dr. Moses that are, I think, visionary in trying
don't understand. You know, they don't, they're,
you know, it's kind of like, I've told people
before, it's kind of like being a Christian. You
know, as a Christian, you're not only just called
to associate only with Christians and go to church
and have a good time and, you know, church suppers
and Bible studies and all that. Just enjoy that.
You know, you're called to go beyond that.
Otherwise, we're going to fall behind. It's not
even a question anymore of just raceism, wrong or
right. You know, the moral imperative is that the
state is changing. You know, there's something in
the battalion today. You know, I haven't even read
it, but my guess is that it probably says that
somewhere in the year 2000, you know, Hispanics in
the state of Texas were
You know, the majority of people will be Hispanic.
The majority definitely will be Minoan over on
total. This university needs to recognize that.
Because these are people who live in the state.
These are people you need to educate. And if you
don't educate your constituency, you know, it's
one of the candidates that the university itself
becomes an irrelevant place.